this is BBC News warnings of famine are
looming once again in Northern Gaza
doctors have told the BBC that
malnutrition and severe dehydration have
affected dozens of gazans who have been
struggling to get food supplies over the
past month and a half IM Muhammad now
reports this is 5-month-old baby
abdulaziz he just came out of an
intensive care unit in one of the north
gaza's hospitals malnutritioned and
severely dehydrated
abdulaziz is in dire need for baby milk
currently scares in Gaza his mother AB
tries her best to feed her 3 kilogram
baby with melted rice yet his health is
constantly
deteriorating I am so concerned about my
baby's Health in the past days the
severe dehydration has affected his
renal functions so he was admitted to
the ICU he is a baby so what did he do
to live in such conditions this is the
local market of alar District in North
Gaza normally around the days of Ida it
used to be packed with thousands of
Shoppers today it appears nearly empty
only few food cans and some used clothes
are out for sale very few types of
vegetables are present here due to
restrictions imposed both Rafa and Karam
Abdu Salim Crossings the spec of femine
looms once again in the
area our conditions in Gaza are really
bad there are no tomatoes no tea no food
not even bread nothing tomatoes are
expensive and everything is expensive
the life is difficult
here no food like normal people we have
never seen days like these I have not
sold anything from the morning I have
seven people at home I have not received
one shekele no Aid nothing
some doctors talk about diseases
spreading in the area mainly affecting
women and children due to malnutrition
and the lack of Medical Care the most
common of which are rickets anemia and
hepatits many are affected with
malnutrition there are dozens of cases
who go daily to either hospitals or
Refugee centers children are not the
only ones affected but women as well
especially those who are pregnant or
breastfeeding enough seriously enough
we've suffered a lot we're completely
drained and out of energy we cannot
stand many of our children you can see
passing out suddenly you could see a
mother who falls suddenly we have
malnutrition we have anemia the diseases
have eaten up our kids we're unable to
get medication we need sugar for energy
we can't afford to buy sugar
[Applause]
long cues are formed daily in front of
small food boots where children strive
to get a hot meal prepared by donors
others however are engaged in a more
difficult task walking for a long
distances to fetch for water